README.md, before:

# esbuild-quickstart

Quickstart for esbuild library projects. Depends on `yarn`.

- Typescript
- Testing with jest
- Linting with prettier, eslint
- CI and skeleton CD with GitHub Actions
- Dockerfiles for build and test
- Publish to NPM and GitHub Packages by creating releases

## Usage

See `scripts` in `package.json` for more scripts.

- `yarn d` watch and build
- `yarn t:watch` watch and test
- `yarn lint`
- `yarn build`

## Publish

### Setup

1. Get an automation token from npm under settings

   ```
   https://www.npmjs.com/settings/$YOUR_USERNAME/tokens/
   ```

2. Add the token to your repository secrets.

   ```
   https://github.com/$YOUR_USERNAME/$YOUR_REPO_NAME/settings/secrets/actions/new
   ```

   - Name: `NPM_TOKEN`
   - Value: The automation token you got from the previous step

### Run

1. Create a new release.

   ```
   https://github.com/$YOUR_USERNAME/$YOUR_REPO_NAME/releases
   ```

   The workflow at `./github/workflows/publish.yml` should run and publish your packages to both NPM and GitHub Packages.

   Don't forget to bump your version number in `package.json` before this.

Commit message:

Add instruction about changing publish scope to readme

README.md, after:

# esbuild-quickstart

Quickstart for esbuild library projects. Depends on `yarn`.

- Typescript
- Testing with jest
- Linting with prettier, eslint
- CI and skeleton CD with GitHub Actions
- Dockerfiles for build and test
- Publish to NPM and GitHub Packages by creating releases

## Usage

See `scripts` in `package.json` for more scripts.

- `yarn d` watch and build
- `yarn t:watch` watch and test
- `yarn lint`
- `yarn build`

## Publish

### Setup

1. Get an automation token from npm under settings

   ```
   https://www.npmjs.com/settings/$YOUR_USERNAME/tokens/
   ```

2. Add the token to your repository secrets.

   ```
   https://github.com/$YOUR_USERNAME/$YOUR_REPO_NAME/settings/secrets/actions/new
   ```

   - Name: `NPM_TOKEN`
   - Value: The automation token you got from the previous step

3. Update the `scope` key in `./github/workflows/publish.yml` to your GitHub (organisation) name

### Run

1. Create a new release.

   ```
   https://github.com/$YOUR_USERNAME/$YOUR_REPO_NAME/releases
   ```

   The workflow at `./github/workflows/publish.yml` should run and publish your packages to both NPM and GitHub Packages.

   Don't forget to bump your version number in `package.json` before this.
